
The Workflow for characters:
0.	Plan the overall build.
1.	Assemble modules
2.	Stitch together.
3.	Assign vertex groups, materials.
4.	UV Unwrapping.
5.	Texture painting.
6.	Complete the mirror.
7.	Strand rendering and particle system assignment.
8.	Rigging.
9.	Skinning.
10.	Assign pose library.
11.	Finishing Shot.

PLANNING

ASSEMBLE MODULES

STICH TOGETHER

ASSIGN VERTEX GROUPS, MATERIALS, OBJECT ATTRIBUTES

CHARACTER MODELING

UV UNWRAPPING

TEXTURE PAINTING

The UV unwrapping process should be followed faithfully before doing this.

Go to default engine.
Change viewport display by tapping 'n.' Then go down to shading and change from multitexture to GLSL Shading.
Make sure there is a light by adding a hemi light, and make it face the appropriate direction.
Change our display from solid to textured, which makes it look black.
Go to the materials panel at right. Switch from data to object. Press new for a new material slot.
Add the eyes to that material.
Rename the material to something relating to the character.
Go to texture paint mode.
Go to tools on left and add a alpha slot texture. It will now appear in the texture slot under this material.
Change that texture to 2048 x 2048 in the texture panel.
Remember that when texture painting, you must save twice. You have to save the blend, and you must also save the texture.
On the bottom bar, there is a button that will toggle on or off a mask, which allows you to right click specific faces. Painting will then be limited to those faces which you have selected. Selecting l will limit you to painting on that specific piece. (This is limited through your masking process.)
Load a reference image if you have one. Remember you can sample colors from it.
Pressing l while holding brush over a piece should limit the selection in some cases. (Test)


Types of Brush:
Fill Brush: (To make a new one..)


Shortcuts to remember-
f		changes the width of brush
shift-f		changes the strength of the brush

APPLY MIRROR MODIFICATION

RIGGING 

SKINNING

